README.md, before:

# A Question and Answer Bot Using Amazon Lex and Amazon Alexa

> Build a chat bot to answer questions. 

## Overview
This repository contains code for the QnABot, described in the AWS AI blog post [“Creating a Question and Answer Bot with Amazon Lex and Amazon Alexa”](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/ai/creating-a-question-and-answer-bot-with-amazon-lex-and-amazon-alexa/).  To launch the QnABot follow the instructions in the blog post.  

To customize the QnABot use the following instructions to set up a local dev environment. 

## Prerequisites

- Run Linux. (tested on Amazon Linux)
- Install npm >3 and node >6. ([instructions](https://nodejs.org/en/download/))
- Clone this repo.
- Set up an AWS account. ([instructions](https://AWS.amazon.com/free/?sc_channel=PS&sc_campaign=acquisition_US&sc_publisher=google&sc_medium=cloud_computing_b&sc_content=AWS_account_bmm_control_q32016&sc_detail=%2BAWS%20%2Baccount&sc_category=cloud_computing&sc_segment=102882724242&sc_matchtype=b&sc_country=US&s_kwcid=AL!4422!3!102882724242!b!!g!!%2BAWS%20%2Baccount&ef_id=WS3s1AAAAJur-Oj2:20170825145941:s))
- Configure AWS CLI and local credentials. ([instructions](http://docs.AWS.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-welcome.html))  

Note: Lex is currently only supported in the us-east-1 region.

## Getting Started
Fiuit, install all prerequisites:
```shell
npm install 
```
Next, use the following command to launch a CloudFormation template to create the S3 bucket to be used for lambda code and CloudFormation templates. Wait for this template to complete (you can watch progress from the [AWS CloudFormation console](https://console.AWS.amazon.com/cloudformation/home))  
```shell
npm run stack dev/bootstrap up
```

After the template has launched, use the following command to build all assets and upload to the S3 bucket created in the previous step:
```shell
npm run upload
```

Finally, use the following command to launch template to deploy the QnA bot in your AWS account. When the stack has completed you will be able to log into the Designer UI (The URL is an output of the template) with the password set in "templates/test/master.json":
```shell
npm run stack test/master up
```

All script descriptions are found in /docs/scripts.md  

## Components
### CloudFormation Templates
The templates are found in the /templates directory. The template master-base.json is the entry point and the other templates are nested in master-base.json. 

### Lambda Functions
Lambda functions are found in the /lambda directory.

### Web interface
The Designer UI and client UI code is in the /website/admin directory. 

## Running Tests
The following will launch a CloudFormation template to create AWS resources in your account that are used in the Lambda, CloudFormation, and WebUI tests. 
```shell
npm run dev-up
```

Once the template has completed you can run the tests in the following sections.

### CloudFormation tests
The CloudFormation test templates are in the templates/test folder. Run a template test with:
```shell
npm run stack test/{template-name}
```

For example, if you want to launch a template with filename "es.json" run the following command:
```shell
npm run check test/es
```

You also can check a template's syntax with:
```shell
npm run check {template's directory relative to /templates}/{template-name}
```

### Running Lambda Function tests
Each lambda directory has its own tests that can be run by executing the following command in that directory:
```shell
npm run test
```

### Testing Designer UI
The Test for the website are in the /website/admin/test. A development server can be setup by calling:
```shell
npm run server
```
You can view this local Designer UI at [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000)

## Built With

* [Vue](https://vuejs.org/) 
* [Webpack](https://webpack.github.io/)

## License
See the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

added user warning in designer ui for unsupported browsers, documented supported browsers in READEMD.md. This addresses #10

README.md, after:

# A Question and Answer Bot Using Amazon Lex and Amazon Alexa

> Build a chat bot to answer questions. 

## Overview
This repository contains code for the QnABot, described in the AWS AI blog post [“Creating a Question and Answer Bot with Amazon Lex and Amazon Alexa”](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/ai/creating-a-question-and-answer-bot-with-amazon-lex-and-amazon-alexa/).  To launch the QnABot follow the instructions in the blog post.  

To customize the QnABot use the following instructions to set up a local dev environment. 

## Prerequisites

- Run Linux. (tested on Amazon Linux)
- Install npm >3 and node >6. ([instructions](https://nodejs.org/en/download/))
- Clone this repo.
- Set up an AWS account. ([instructions](https://AWS.amazon.com/free/?sc_channel=PS&sc_campaign=acquisition_US&sc_publisher=google&sc_medium=cloud_computing_b&sc_content=AWS_account_bmm_control_q32016&sc_detail=%2BAWS%20%2Baccount&sc_category=cloud_computing&sc_segment=102882724242&sc_matchtype=b&sc_country=US&s_kwcid=AL!4422!3!102882724242!b!!g!!%2BAWS%20%2Baccount&ef_id=WS3s1AAAAJur-Oj2:20170825145941:s))
- Configure AWS CLI and local credentials. ([instructions](http://docs.AWS.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-welcome.html))  

Note: Lex is currently only supported in the us-east-1 region.

## Getting Started
Fiuit, install all prerequisites:
```shell
npm install 
```
Next, use the following command to launch a CloudFormation template to create the S3 bucket to be used for lambda code and CloudFormation templates. Wait for this template to complete (you can watch progress from the [AWS CloudFormation console](https://console.AWS.amazon.com/cloudformation/home))  
```shell
npm run stack dev/bootstrap up
```

After the template has launched, use the following command to build all assets and upload to the S3 bucket created in the previous step:
```shell
npm run upload
```

Finally, use the following command to launch template to deploy the QnA bot in your AWS account. When the stack has completed you will be able to log into the Designer UI (The URL is an output of the template) with the password set in "templates/test/master.json":
```shell
npm run stack test/master up
```

All script descriptions are found in /docs/scripts.md  

## Components
### CloudFormation Templates
The templates are found in the /templates directory. The template master-base.json is the entry point and the other templates are nested in master-base.json. 

### Lambda Functions
Lambda functions are found in the /lambda directory.

### Web interface
The Designer UI and client UI code is in the /website/admin directory. 

## Running Tests
The following will launch a CloudFormation template to create AWS resources in your account that are used in the Lambda, CloudFormation, and WebUI tests. 
```shell
npm run dev-up
```

Once the template has completed you can run the tests in the following sections.

### CloudFormation tests
The CloudFormation test templates are in the templates/test folder. Run a template test with:
```shell
npm run stack test/{template-name}
```

For example, if you want to launch a template with filename "es.json" run the following command:
```shell
npm run check test/es
```

You also can check a template's syntax with:
```shell
npm run check {template's directory relative to /templates}/{template-name}
```

### Running Lambda Function tests
Each lambda directory has its own tests that can be run by executing the following command in that directory:
```shell
npm run test
```

### Testing Designer UI
The Test for the website are in the /website/admin/test. A development server can be setup by calling:
```shell
npm run server
```
You can view this local Designer UI at [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000)

### Designer UI Compatibility 
Currently the only browsers supported are:  
    Chrome  
    FireFox  
We are currently working on adding Microsoft Edge support.  

## Built With

* [Vue](https://vuejs.org/) 
* [Webpack](https://webpack.github.io/)

## License
See the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
